Rodrigo Munoz
ID: 1001847694




1) Why should you be interested in learning about Lambda Calculus?

    Lambda calculus is useful because it gives you a notation to be able to define
    functions. People will find this interesting when exploring functional programming
    in applications where reliability and readability are crucial, like in banks for 
    example. Lambda calculus will allow you to re-wire your brain to think in a more 
    functional way.

2) How do you encode the concepts of TRUE,  FALSE, NOT, AND, OR?

    True, False and NOT  as defined in the video: 
         True: ヰ.
         False: ヰ. 
         NOT: b.b False True

    AND: 位x.位y.x y x
    OR: 位x.位y.x x y

3) What is important about the  Lambda Calculus expression called 'Y Combinator'?
    Y-Combinator expression allows us to do recursion within a language that does not 
    directly support recursion. We can use lambda calculus to define it withing that space.

4) Write the Y Combinator expression in Lambda Calculus.
    位f.(位x.f(xx)) (位x.f(xx))

5) Where did the language 'Haskell' get its name?
    Haskell is named after Haskell Curry
 
6) In the video it was mentioned that Haskell was used to code what?
    Facebook (Meta) spam filtering

7) How is 'pattern matching' used?
    Pattern matching is used to choose which function to apply. In the video the sum function uses pattern matching
    to determine whether the given input is a single value or multiple values.

8) Complete this sentence: "NP problems are hard to solve but easy to 'check' "

9) What is the example of an NP problem used in the video?
    Factoring

10) What are the TV shows mentioned in the video?
    Tron
    The Simpsons
    Futurama

11) Floating point numbers are essentially what?
    Scientific Notation in base 2
 
12) Computers perform scientific notation in what base?
    Base 2
 
13) What is the problem with adding 1/3 + 1/3 + 1/3 using base 10 and ignoring recurring numbers?
    ignoring the recurring numbers will cause you to lose precision. 1/3+1/3+1/3 = .9999 repeating
 
14) What is 1/10 in base 2?
    0.00011001100110011.. repeating

15) What is the name of the function discussed in the video?
    Ackermann's function

16) Can Ackermann's function be coded using for or 'DO' loops?
    NO

17) What is the value of Ackermann(4,1)?
    65533

18) How many minutes will the machine in the video take to calculate Ackermann(4,2)
    4 months

19) The performance characteristic of Ackermann's function is described as what?
    Super Exponential

20) A loop nested in another loop has the performance characteristic of what?
    N^2
 
21) What was the limitation of Fortran mentioned in the video?
    Fortran did not support user level recursion

22) What real-world use needs complex recursion?
    Compilers

23) There was a need to have a language that could cope with what?
    Bit looming / width of objects / Portability

24) C is most powerful when considered as the classical what?
    systems language
25) What are the names of the two fields of the 'THING' structure?
    item
    next

26) What is the advantage of the 'Triple Ref Technique'?
    It allows you to peek ahead in a linked list by using a pointer to folow the pointer chain.

27) What is the procedure  used in the video to compare the different structures?
    allocate space for 125k elements in an array or linked list and then visit every one of those items and sum them up

28) Why is the reverse array faster on the Atari?
    The atari does not have a chache and therefore when going forward it must fetch the data every time.
    When going backwards, the atari has the value precalculated already.

29) What would be the goal of requiring people to be exposed to coding?
   Give people perspective of what is required to acheive their goal. Understand the simplicity of the computer and 
   the complexity of the functions it performs.

30) List 3 or more of the different sort algorithms mentioned in the video
    Bubble Sort
    Quick Sort
    Selection Sort

31) What is the  'Decision Problem'?
    Is there a test that will tell us if the inputs entail the output

32) An example of an abstraction used in the video is, "A transistor is a type of switch that can be open or closed"?

33) Which video was the most interesting or your favorite?
    I enjoyed "Functional Programming and Haskell" because I am fairly new to CS compared to others in the industry and 
    learning different ways of programming the same thing is very interesting to me. I also now really want to learn Haskell :) 
